Sorry but it is not appropriate but I can
will the concept take girls
this habit decide team for the middle ages
I will present to you today with great pride of the champions
of futsal everybody besides they are four times champion of Santa Catarina
two-time national league champion
two times champion of the brazilian cup two games open among other titles that
will come free we will present
our stars here
I leave
he kept in touch
I do not know.
with her
look at the size of the other thumb up because it is the could be anisio keeper
It was valeria celebrated
he says he will pick up details of you here who will sing here
the law stipulates in court
I did not know whether the paralysis people over 65 years in nine months
it reaches less than one meter and 72
I have a whole I told you
but not in the whole world but I do not know who knows this last Saturday and
Brazil abstained past this disease I want to know the following
it is true that on the days when he leaves most shortly before the session he has taken
for
look at this
I wanted more recorded
I was wrong with her 5th grade too that the traffic would not come out
would be healthier
the martian
suddenly become giant for tomorrow
is the only person in the world at 89
the hand is considered the best player in futsal
in the world and alert that the superport of the sertão of good sight of minas gerais
ducks and consequent foot drag offer follows strictly from the
cup of silver bowls
You're the highest that these people are talking about. It's not on the table that it is.
fundamental for the health of the hair to take advantage of this
table
it is true
so maybe you have not retreated then you have not kept strip hit the
another the pencil of the river that confusion all the children's area
they will not be more when they will leave the ones that most have and if not, but not
has the most vain the unusual you now a question without having
interested either because of prejudice
because the boy passed
bush
I think that was why the kidnapped on Friday 5
she also does not want it now needs less than 10% of the counties people
proportionately the woman also
leave the computer
at school workshop
Turkey accepted here was an excuse to help
the agency is a lot of girl
until when
santo andré has enough money at the wrong time
he promises to present more in the trainings in the photos that you did
more
I do not know
I know that the year contemplating all the names will be offered
in three months
in the truth is good up and I know that when this team that lost of
little sakashita swimmers who made eight truth
in the sector
without caring much about the italian lecture team
lots of
love like flags also gets harder
this bike at that time of the year we will not forget to use a green bag
paicv meters
not to hurt yourself
in the third parade
a month and a half ago
I believe that the mouse allowed me to defend it face to face with more bases being more
difficult than he
I do not know how I'm going to have a good next phase sequence
leonardo garden they mind I have a little bit of time but I hope
to talk to you again
I chose to change again. We will be two-time world champions. I just want
You are beautiful, wonderful and competent.
and now they're going to kill whales
despite saving
happy Birthday to You
Stop for the daughter.
hp